ospdo docs -  setup and backend services (#708)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_migrating-tls-everywhere.adoc

. To locate the CA certificate and key, list all the certificates inside your NSSDB:
+
ifeval::["{OpenStackPreviousInstaller}" == "director_operator"]

> For OSPdO installed by director-dev-tools, the server host runs the freeipa server as a container...
> ----
> IPA_SSH="podman exec -ti freeipa-server"
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To locate the CA certificate and key, list all the certificates inside your NSSDB. If you installed OSPdO by using director-dev-tools, the server host runs the freeipa server as a container:
+
----
$ IPA_SSH="podman exec -ti freeipa-server"
----
```

Author: ok
